README.md, before:

# Rosie Agenda

Most local Toastmasters clubs use the web application provided by [Toastmasters International](http://toastmasters.org) to run their meetings. The application is easy to use and provides a place for members to sign up to participate in meetings.

Before a meeting, the *Toastmaster of the Day* typically prints the meeting agenda to distribute to meeting attendees. The format of the agenda is quite useful, but some clubs prefer a different layout. *Rosie Agenda* automates the preparation of  the agenda in any format you like.

### Ultimate Rosie Agenda

> *Note:* This is the easiest user interface I could think of – and is not yet implemented. Please [comment][issues] if you have ideas to make this easier or better in any way.

Ready to try *Rosie Agenda*? Follow the steps below. 

1. Create your own Rosie Agenda application at Heroku by pressing this button: —Deploy to Heroku—
2. Visit the application you created.
3. The application will ask for a few things:
	* The address of your club's Free Toast Host site
	* The name of the member to log in as (*we suggest you add a special administrative user to your FTH site for this purpose*)
	* A password to restrict access to the application
4. Any time you visit the application, you'll be presented with the current agenda, ready to print.

If you have any difficulty, please report the problem on our [Issues page][issues].

### Current Rosie Agenda

> The ultimate Rosie Agenda sounds great. Until we get there, here is the current state of the application.

1. Change the values at the top of `rosie-agenda.rb` to reflect your club site address and user to log in as. (*next: use environment variables*).
3. Run the script. The file `agenda.html` will be created (or overwritten if it exists). (*next: include the date in the file name*)
4. Open `agenda.html` in your web browser and print.

[issues]: https://github.com/slothbear/rosie_agenda/issues  "rosie_agenda issues page"

Commit message:

Add link to Free Toast Host.

README.md, after:

# Rosie Agenda

Most local Toastmasters clubs use the web application provided by [Toastmasters International](http://toastmasters.org) to run their meetings. The [Free Toast Host](http://www.toastmastersclubs.org/) application is easy to use and provides a place for members to sign up to participate in meetings.

Before a meeting, the *Toastmaster of the Day* typically prints the meeting agenda to distribute to meeting attendees. The format of the printed agenda is quite useable, but some clubs prefer a different layout. *Rosie Agenda* automates the preparation of  the agenda in any format you like.

### Ultimate Rosie Agenda

> *Note:* This is the easiest user interface I could think of – and is not yet implemented. Please [comment][issues] if you have ideas to make this easier or better in any way.

Ready to try *Rosie Agenda*? Follow the steps below. 

1. Create your own Rosie Agenda application at Heroku by pressing this button: —Deploy to Heroku—
2. Visit the application you created.
3. The application will ask for a few things:
	* The address of your club's Free Toast Host site
	* The name of the member to log in as (*we suggest you add a special administrative user to your FTH site for this purpose*)
	* A password to restrict access to the application
4. Any time you visit the application, you'll be presented with the current agenda, ready to print.

If you have any difficulty, please report the problem on our [Issues page][issues].

### Current Rosie Agenda

> The ultimate Rosie Agenda sounds great. Until we get there, here is the current state of the application.

1. Change the values at the top of `rosie-agenda.rb` to reflect your club site address and user to log in as. (*next: use environment variables*).
3. Run the script. The file `agenda.html` will be created (or overwritten if it exists). (*next: include the date in the file name*)
4. Open `agenda.html` in your web browser and print.

[issues]: https://github.com/slothbear/rosie_agenda/issues  "rosie_agenda issues page"
